N22: libfive (#666)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/022/index.md

[bevy]: https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy
[@nikl_me]: https://twitter.com/nikl_me

### [Libfive][libfive]

![CSG difference operation with a sphere and three cylinders](libfive.png)

> `libfive` by [@virtualritz] is a safe, oxidized wrapper around
> [Matt Keeter][@mkeeter]’s [`libfive`][libfive-orig] – a ”library and set of
> tools for solid modeling especially suited for parametric and procedural
> design”.
> 
> `libfive` is based on [functional representation][f-rep] (f-rep). F-reps can be
> evaluated as 3D meshes with aribitrary precision.
> 
> One could e.g. use this for a compact definition of a game’s levels and mesh
> them adaptively, on the fly, during loading. With a density suitable for the
> machine/GPU running the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`libfive` by [@virtualritz] is a safe, oxidized wrapper around
[Matt Keeter][@mkeeter]'s [`libfive`][libfive-orig] – a "library and set of
tools for solid modeling especially suited for parametric and procedural
design".

`libfive` is based on [functional representation][f-rep] (f-rep). F-reps can be
evaluated as 3D meshes with aribitrary precision.

One could e.g. use this for a compact definition of a game's levels and mesh
them adaptively, on the fly, during loading. With a density suitable for the
machine/GPU running the game.
```
